docs(tools): Mode Requirements detailed docs (#26084)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/flight_modes_fw/mission.md

::: info

- This mode requires a global 3d position estimate (from GPS or inferred from a [local position](../ros/external_position_estimation.md#enabling-auto-modes-with-a-local-position)).
- The mission will start once the vehicle is armed.
- This mode is automatic - no user intervention is _required_ to control the vehicle.

> - RC control switches can be used to switch out of mission mode on any vehicle.

Author: Just switches or also sticks?

Author: ```suggestion
- Switches/sticks can be used to switch out of mission mode on any vehicle.
```
